readme.md, before:

# Ezsha

A simple and lightweight plugin designed to effortlessly integrate share buttons adorned with captivating Font Awesome icons into your single posts and pages.

[![Download Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/download_plugin-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=download&logoColor=white)](https://nasikin.web.id/download/ezha.zip)


## ✨ Features

- No configuration needed – plug and play
- Direct fontawesome SVG
- Compatible with WooCommerce and custom post types
- Optimized performance and minimal footprint

---

## 🚀 Installation

1. Download this repository as a ZIP file.
2. Login to your WordPress admin dashboard.
3. Go to **Plugins > Add New > Upload Plugin**
4. Upload the downloaded ZIP file and click **Install**
5. Activate the plugin
6. Share buttons will appear on your single posts, pages, and products

---

## 🖼️ Screenshots

### On Single Page
![Single Page](https://ik.imagekit.io/vbsmdqxuemd/ezsha/On%20Single%20Page.png)

### On Single Post
![Single Post](https://ik.imagekit.io/vbsmdqxuemd/ezsha/On%20Single%20Post.png)

### On Single Product
![Single Product](https://ik.imagekit.io/vbsmdqxuemd/ezsha/On%20Single%20Product.png)

---

## ❓ FAQ

### Does this plugin require any setup?
Nope! It works out of the box—no settings or configuration required.

### Is it compatible with WooCommerce?
Yes, it displays share buttons on WooCommerce single product pages.

---

## 🛠️ Changelog

### 2.0.0
- Remove fontawesome library. using direct SVG
- Add animation on share button
- Layout change


### 1.0.1
- Initial public release

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.  
See the [license page](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit) for details.

Commit message:

2.0.1
- Compability check with wordpress 6.9
- Remove console debug on fail

readme.md, after:

# Ezsha

A simple and lightweight plugin designed to effortlessly integrate share buttons adorned with captivating Font Awesome icons into your single posts and pages.

[![Download Plugin](https://img.shields.io/badge/download_plugin-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=download&logoColor=white)](https://wordpress.org/plugins/ezsha/)


## ✨ Features

- No configuration needed – plug and play
- Direct fontawesome SVG
- Compatible with WooCommerce and custom post types
- Optimized performance and minimal footprint

---

## 🚀 Installation

1. Download this repository as a ZIP file.
2. Login to your WordPress admin dashboard.
3. Go to **Plugins > Add New > Upload Plugin**
4. Upload the downloaded ZIP file and click **Install**
5. Activate the plugin
6. Share buttons will appear on your single posts, pages, and products

---

## 🖼️ Screenshots

### On Single Page
![Single Page](https://ik.imagekit.io/vbsmdqxuemd/ezsha/On%20Single%20Page.png)

### On Single Post
![Single Post](https://ik.imagekit.io/vbsmdqxuemd/ezsha/On%20Single%20Post.png)

### On Single Product
![Single Product](https://ik.imagekit.io/vbsmdqxuemd/ezsha/On%20Single%20Product.png)

---

## ❓ FAQ

### Does this plugin require any setup?
Nope! It works out of the box—no settings or configuration required.

### Is it compatible with WooCommerce?
Yes, it displays share buttons on WooCommerce single product pages.

---

## 🛠️ Changelog

### 2.0.1
- Compability check with wordpress 6.9
- Remove console debug on fail

### 2.0.0
- Remove fontawesome library. using direct SVG
- Add animation on share button
- Layout change


### 1.0.1
- Initial public release

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.  
See the [license page](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit) for details.
